Add support for image_copy_tmp_dir (#760)
containers/common: docs/containers.conf.5.md

The list of OCI runtimes that support running containers without CGroups.

**storage_tmp_dir**="/var/tmp"

> Default location for storing temporary container image content,  Can be
> overridden with the TMPDIR environmentvariable.  If you specify "storage", then
> the location of the container/storage tmp directory will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default location for storing temporary container image content.  Can be
overridden with the TMPDIR environment variable.  If you specify "storage", then
the location of the container/storage tmp directory will be used.
```

Reviewer: Same for the code comment.

Reviewer: And the containers.conf one.
